welcome to the really awkward podcast
Our Guest today is here do you want to
introduce yourself yes hello uh my name
is Amar I'm um Egyptian I used to work
in aviation for six years uh no I used
to work as a flight attendant for six
years traveling and uh now I'm in real
estate in
Dubai nice to meet you all and what's
our topic
today uh what's our topic
today life purpose that's a good topic
um so where do we begin so I'm curious
like did you find already your life
purpose okay um so this a long
story I think um I started thinking
about it not so long
ago um it was few years ago when I was
still working as a flight attendant and
I was actually on the way to
Bali and when I was on the plane I came
across this book which was called The
Power of your subconscious mind from to
dispenser and no it's uh Joseph morphe
oh okay and it was actually the first
time I read in my entire life really yes
so uh I was like okay I always wanted
you know a book about self-development
and I saw this one someone gave it to me
and I was like okay let me see what this
is
about um I read the book and everything
changed what do you
mean so I read the book it was talking
about how you know your thoughts create
your life and how it affects you and uh
how your outer reality is a reflection
of you know what's going on inside your
mind and I read all of this while I was
on the way to Bali which was which what
I didn't know it's like a big you know
hub for spirituality and uh positive
energy and uh that was yeah that was the
first uh thing that made me think about
my purpose but yet you haven't found it
I'm in the journey I think we are all in
a
journey um so do you think the life
purpose is something set in stone like
something that is
already pre-programmed before you came
to the world and you cannot change it or
do you think it's something that can
actually change from time to time see I
used to think it is it was something
specific but then I realized that it
could be many things as um I learned
that what's written is not our destiny
but our Destinies the same way you play
a video game and the programmer or the
person who is creating the game like
sets so many possibilities for so many
actions that you can take and which you
can get so many results for and the same
way if you look at the game it's a small
example but when you you know zoom out a
little bit that's where you can see the
the full picture and it's kind of the
same so yeah I realized if there is so
many possibilities that means there are
so many versions of me that exists out
there each one of them might have
different
purpose so which ones you have tried out
yet where you thought or you ever been
in a situation where you thought hey
that's my purpose but then after some
time it's was fading away and you felt
like it's not my purpose and you were
wondering why this happened
I think so many times like um for
example the fitness industry um I
thought that you know as I think it's
the same as old guys when they start
going to the gym and they start to see
changes in their body and they get
sixpack and then they realize okay this
is what I want to do and of course I had
the same and then I started doing it for
a while and after that when I uh I
started doing it I realized I'm not
actually enjoying it you know yes it's
nice that I can change my my body and
how I look and I can change my life and
the way people perceive me but I really
didn't think I really didn't know that I
I would find it boring to you know help
someone else achieve it even though I
would love to help people but just this
specific uh you know field I didn't find
myself in it
which proved to me that yes you could
you could think that something is what
you really want and then when you try it
you realized it's actually
not I don't know how about you did you
have the same um yeah I had a similar
situation and I think it's it's a good
point to to try things out and then to
realize because I think like the your
life purpose or whatever purpose it's
just something that you're really that
is aligned with your energies with what
you were born with with your skills
you're not everyone is born with some
natural skills and if you have find like
your thing that you love to do that is
aligned with your skills with your in
like how is it called unique skills then
you will always gain energy and it's not
fading away and then I was doing
personal trainings and I was feeling
feeling in the beginning yeah that's my
purpose I love to help people I love to
communicate with people and then after
some time it was just fading away and
then I was wondering why it was fading
away and I discovered that my intention
behind
my profession as a personal personal
trainer was not as you said help people
it was more yeah it makes me quick money
easy money and it's bringing me to meet
people which I like to do but in the end
it was not my intention behind this was
was not to help people to get a
healthier lifestyle or to to help them
to be more fit or whatever the intention
was more superficial to look good to
like make money and to also for me be
more in shape again but can you actually
get rich uh doing personal training or
in Fitness um I think you can I mean it
depends how you you start the thing how
you want to go about it because if you
say you want to do it only you alone and
one to one sessions of course your daily
time is limited everyone in this world
have only like 24 hours a day so you
cannot make more money than or make work
more hours than what the day actually
has but I think if you like expand your
mind and you think about online
businesses what everyone is doing right
now online courses or you you have
people working for you doing personal
trainings I think there is you can get
rich but at the same time I think it's a
difficult question to ask because maybe
for you being rich has another meaning
than for me or for any other person in
this world so it's very individual like
how would you see or what would you say
is Rich for
you I think definition of of Rich for me
is to you know have more more money than
I is basically freedom I think freedom
is the is the definition of Rich for me
is to be able to work from anywhere or
to travel anywhere around the world
whenever I want to be able to buy
anything I want um to not be like
limited and yeah I think it's about
Freedom it's all about freedom for me I
don't know if there's anything really uh
anything else about it other than
Freedom yeah I think mainly it's freedom
but you don't think there are many
people out there who are like they're
billionaires they are actually able to
travel everywhere where they want they
can afford everything they want but at
the same time they don't feel
free you know I actually just realized
you know what what money or what wealth
actually gives
you it makes you it gives you a voice M
so when you have money basically people
want to listen to you and in a way you
can you can actually get to you get to
help people just by having money just
because they will listen to you um and
somehow I think it this is one of the
important things as well about having
you know a wealth or a lot of money um
is it it gives you a
voice that's a good point yeah
I mean yeah it definitely gives you a
voice I mean I'm not sure if that's
always the case but of course if you
want to have a voice you have more
opportunities
to express it and to more opportunities
to have people actually listening to you
but I don't think it goes hand in hand
like okay I have a lot of money so
automatically I have a voice or I am
heard um in some point yes because
everyone is aspiring to be rich and to
be successful but in some point also no
because I don't think it's easy to to
become wealthy how many like I think the
percentage of the the world the world's
population is who are actually rich is
very limited I think it's what 6% of the
world's population are rich people I
think that's what they want us to know
but I think there is way more rich
people out there and actually also I'm
pretty sure it's easy to be rich to be
wealthy to to be in this abundance that
everyone is craving the only problem is
that we are all programmed through so
Society through today's world that we
think and we believe actually it's
difficult to get there and it's
something rare but I think I truly
believe everyone every human is
programmed to live fully in abundance
and to have more than what we need but
as I said I think there is a main part
from society that is programming us to
believe that it's difficult to get to
there because that's how we are being
controlled more
easily and if we would be aware of who
we actually are in our true Essence
which has to do something with the
purpose
then we all get to to this point where
just everything in life flows so easily
because you I'm sure you also know
people that they just have everything
and everything seems so smooth and it
flows in their life and and I was always
wondering in high school already why
there are these girls they are just they
just have everything and and they just
they are rich they're beautiful they
they just have a lot of Life Energy and
I was wondering like why there are some
girls like this and then there are some
girls they just have nothing of all of
that and
nothing in their life is flowing and
this easy or seems to be and I think
it's just that some they they just know
or they were just born or they were
treated or they were teached taught how
to get to get to knows and get to to
know their true Essence their true
energies
because
like I mean I told you about my friend
my Austrian friend and he's talking a
lot about this and the more I hear about
this and the more people I hear talking
and talking about energies and about our
true Essence and about with what we were
born and then I see people going from
being depressed or being overwhelmed
with their situation trying so hard to
get money to giving all this up getting
to know themselves and suddenly
everything flows and they're rich
without even them pursuing being rich or
them pursuing um achieving something so
I think it's
really once you get to know your true
Essence what you are actually here for
what I see as the purpose everything
falls into place easily and everything
comes without even
pursuing you know when when you talk
about this like that some people they
have everything so easy and so
smooth uh it just makes me you know
remember that um what I've been told
before is that everyone has their own
test M so it's like for example I'm born
rich um I have everything I need but my
test could be that I don't have any
friends or I I don't know I have low
self-esteem or um it could be anything
and I think I think when we it's only
when we start to focus on ourselves and
our own Journey that we stop looking at
what everybody else is having and we
stop to focus on ourselves and then we
start to realize oh okay maybe then uh
that's my test you know maybe that's
that's what I need to work on and I'm
sure that everybody has something to
work on even if they have like a lot of
wealth yeah for sure there is something
in their life that they need to improve
and they need to work on and that is
their test um I obviously didn't know
that before because you know the way we
were brought up is everyone Focus is on
everyone and you see what Like Me
growing up in a middle eastern or third
world country um you look at what
everybody else is doing and you know you
just want to do it because you don't
want to be left
out and um it's actually so interesting
so you were growing up where in Egypt in
Egypt and I was growing up in Austria so
I think like our experiences experiences
from growing up has to be so different
right yeah I mean what you were taught
when you were growing up that you can
remember now what you were taught that
that is important in life and how you
were taught to to be or to have your
life well um thinking about you know
when it comes to money we always taught
to that you have to have a stable job
stable income uh no taking risk because
risk is not good um you always look up
to or your parent parents look at you
know their relatives or your relatives
and they see what they are doing and
then they want the same for you it could
be that maybe your dad wants you to to
be a doctor but he doesn't consider
maybe it's not for you it's all about
you know what the society is talking
about and what the society wants you to
be um which eventually I learned that it
only serves very small percentage of
people um to make people think that
way you know so for example if if they
make these schools and in that in those
schools you are only taught to think in
a certain way that this is how it should
be this is how you should work uh you
should go to work I don't know in the
government or you should go to work in
under you know in some company and it
should be a big company or whatever and
that's what you are taught but then you
you learn that this is only to control
you because if you think like this you
will never think I have to become rich
or I want to get rich and you know
actually cause a real impact in people's
lives you will only think that I have to
be the same as my friends or my
relatives and this is what they program
us yeah I mean that's pretty similar to
how we how I was growing up so actually
it's not much difference it's not much
different it's only I think about uh
relationships about between men and
women yeah of course but now when I'm
thinking about
um just life purpose and how we were
growing up it's I thought it's different
maybe but actually it's it's pretty much
the same it's just that we were all
programmed to play these roles and with
these roles with taking these roles up
to our life and the more old we are the
more we the more we identify ourselves
with those roles and the less we think
out of the box but as a child I think
it's so for example I mean I cannot
really remember what I was thinking as a
child but I'm when I'm seeing now
children I'm seeing them having fun and
not thinking about anything and just
like building an building a sand castle
or a snow castle or whatever and then
destroying it just to build a new one
and is such a a different thinking and
then when we are now old we let's say we
are now um building our podcast we have
our audience we build it and then we
identifying ourselves with being p with
being YouTuber or with having a good
podcast we would never want to destroy
that also I think when we destroy things
always there are coming like we opening
ways for new things
right um um you see I I really believe
in this identity
shifting where um where you don't limit
yourself to one
identity you just leave it open and this
way you could you could be
anyone and this was a big challenge for
me because like I've had multiple
transformations in my life from just
being you know a little kid to growing
up to being maybe as a man and
uh changing my body and then changing
what I do um and I realized that the
only way I was able to transfer from one
identity to another fully it was when I
stopped acting and I stopped even having
the same things I was as the previous
identity to basically stop everything I
had to do with the previous identity and
to start acting like the new person and
um
and pretend in a
way until it becomes a reality of course
with visualization as well and with even
scripting yeah um so literally you
destroyed you had to destroy and give up
your old identity to get your new right
it's not easy to give up your old idty I
mean I know it's not easy like I know
you always you know like I realize they
always attach to to things even to your
clothes you like I've had pieces of
clothes from when I was I don't know 20
years now I'm
32 from when I was 20 I'm like what is
this even still doing here you know
because I realize that everything holds
energy in it and it can hold you back in
a way if you still attached to it
energetically you cannot move on to the
next phase yeah so um that I didn't know
before um but of course each one of us
is on his own or her own journey and we
keep discovering things along the way
and I think I think this is the way life
should be yeah I think so to never be
certain and always discover new things
but still I
think we should find the life purpose
because I see so many
people being rich or not being rich
doesn't matter but doing things and
being exhausted after the day like you
wake up you do your stuff and you come
home and you exhausted and also I see
people who are waking up early doing
their things coming home and not being
exhausted because they are aligned with
their energies with their purpose and to
be honest like I'm aspiring aspiring to
find this purpose and to also wake up do
my stuff that I'm just loving to do and
coming home and being still energetic
and not feeling drained and exhausted
from life I think I want to live life
and not just in my free time I want to
live life all the
time so you're actually think you're
actually saying that there is something
that if you find it that it gives you it
kind of charges you like by just by
doing it you get more energy and you
keep doing it and then you get more
energy and that's different from doing
something that is away from your essence
like you call it yeah yeah which
definitely drains you more yeah and also
I think that all I mean that's very now
controversial but I believe that all
kind of sickness even if you're
overweight it has to do something with
not expressing your true true energies
your true Essence and therefore these
energies need to express either in any
sickness they manifest in a sickness or
in like for examp example I feel it for
myself if I'm now busy all day doing
things I love to do like being on
Instagram being in front of the camera
just things that really they just give
me energy I'm not tending to eat so much
but if I'm having nothing to do all day
long I'm eating and I'm realizing that
I'm eating because I'm not expressing my
energies my energies are getting out
there and not being at home and doing
nothing and I think it's so important to
know that because of course everyone
else so not everyone else but everyone
in this world have a different purpose
and there is not one person that has the
exact same energies than the other like
not there are no two are the same and
it's important as you said you you
pretend to be for a new identity but
also it's important
to disidentify like you youe you can
only pretend to be something or
somewhere if you have seen it already
with your mind but I think it's
dangerous to do that in the same way
because you are identifying with
something or you want to be somewhere or
something that you might not you know
what I mean because somewhere else is
there already doesn't mean that you are
meant to be there as well like you are
your own person so I think that's
another thing that it's just important
to keep in mind of of course get
inspired but always everything that is
not coming from the mind is way bigger
and is more connected with your
essence you know that's why I think when
you are always on the look for something
you miss out on the on the actual you
know purpose which is enjoying the
process and I think I've learned that
the most in the gym where
you when you go and you're like think
thinking oh what is you know my why my
body is not changing and you keep
looking at it every single time you go
you miss out on the actual thing which
is enjoying the journey yeah not the
final result and I learned that the most
by going to the gym regularly and by
lifting
weights um I literally taught myself how
to you know enjoy being in the gym like
by maybe buying gym clothes or having a
ni nice headphones or whatever just to
make me enjoy more you know the time
there and that I think this is enjoying
the journey this is the definition of
enjoying the journey is to just make it
more attractive to want to do it more
and the same goes for um the purpose
which instead of you know always being
on the look of like instead of always
being on the look for something to kind
of enjoy whatever
you are doing in the
moment and be
open for change and be open to receive
you know callings and to receive
information because I I see a lot of
people they're not open they're like I
don't want but it could be better for
you no no I don't yeah so which means
they are telling themselves no I do not
want anything new I don't want to change
I don't want anyone to change me even if
this change is better for them
there's a lot of misconception about
change especially with women she says
like uh I don't want him to change me
you know but it could be this change
could be for the
better uh it doesn't mean that he
doesn't like you the way you are yes he
likes you the way you are but he might
want you to to be better you know and
applies of course for for also for men
um but change can be to the better yeah
I think so too then on a great journey
to our purpose thank you so much for
coming and I hope you guys enjoyed our
podcast we are still on our journey to
find our purpose and it's might doing
YouTube It's might
not and we're happy you want to listen
to our random and awkward
conversations not really awkward but
maybe next one would be you know but
it's it's funny because I was thinking
thinking why I want to call it awkward
and then I was thinking it's actually
because if I'm calling it now any other
way like they're really good or they're
really spiritual then I'm feeling like
pressured to say the right things you
know and if I'm calling it The really
awkward podcast yeah you know then I
don't feel the pressure to to say the
right thing or to do the right way or to
dress a certain way so I'm just open to
whatever like if I feel funny I want to
be funny and if I feel serious I want to
be serious
interest